task: Add information about linters (#34)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/infrastructure/linters/reading/README.md

# Linters

> Linters are tools for checking consistency and quality of code, but they can be used on every type of content.

Reviewer: I think it is worth mentioning that some linters cover spellchecking too. This ties well with the last part about "every type of content".

Author: I added an example section for this.
I will add one more section about rules.

> Enforce a consistent style for writing content, making it easier to read and maintain for content creators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They enforce a consistent style for writing content, making it easier for content creators to read and maintain.
```
This sounds odd without a subject.

There are different types of linters, depending on the type of content.

> For example, a linting tool for code is different from a linting tool for text.

Reviewer: This does not add anything. You could talk about differences between linters when discussing rules

Author: It's an introduction to the subject for people who are not familiar with this.
I think it's pretty simple and worth having.

Right now, we are using [`super-linter`](https://github.com/super-linter/super-linter).
`Super-linter` is a combination of various linters that can be used locally or in CI/CD pipelines.

## Usage

### Locally

There are multiples ways to run linters locally.

`Super-linter` can be run locally inside a Docker container using this [script](https://gist.github.com/gabrielmocanu/9606cfd789e07b0a1650d0b349fd15f2).

> The script expects two arguments, the path to the codebase and the path to the linting rules.

Reviewer 2: Should we give a run example example here or is it out of scope for this pr?

Reviewer: I think it is worth adding a simplified example to make it more digestible.

Author: The script already contains an example. [1]
I would keep things simple in the methodology. Few people will try to run it locally anyway.

[1]: https://gist.github.com/gabrielmocanu/9606cfd789e07b0a1650d0b349fd15f2#file-super-linter-sh-L8

> You can see that you will need two arguments, the path to the codebase and the path to the linting rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script expects two arguments, the path to the codebase and the path to the linting rules.
```

Linting rules are used because sometimes the linter might be too strict.
Configuring these rules can ignore some errors that are not relevant for the project.

> The linting rules that now we are using and recommending are inside the [actions](https://github.com/open-education-hub/actions) repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The linting rules that we are currently using and recommending are inside the [actions](https://github.com/open-education-hub/actions) repository.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe point directly to the super linter rules https://github.com/open-education-hub/actions/tree/main/super-linter/rules

Another way of using linters locally is to check [supported linters](https://github.com/super-linter/super-linter#supported-linters) by `super-linter` and try to run them locally.
[`Markdownlint`](https://github.com/igorshubovych/markdownlint-cli) is a good example.
It's the linter used by `super-linter` for Markdown files.

Of course, for some linters you can find an web solution that can run the linter without installing it locally.
For example, on this [website](https://dlaa.me/markdownlint/) you can use `Markdownlint` by copy-pasting the content of the file you want to check.

> ### CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
```

> The most common way to use linters is in CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer: Add an introduction for CI/CD (or reference a section that does this).
